Pardon me?
Li Yang, don't go too far
Hum hum we leftover girls
It's one of the best places on Earth today.
You want our leftover girl to be your maid?
So that the saintess can marry our Tianzong
That's our Tianzong climbing high
You quickly apologize to the saint
Escaping into Xuanyin Sect was really angry
Our Tianzong will be dragged down by you
father
If the saint doesn't want to
Then forget it.
However, the elixir promised before
Where are you now?
The elixir
I'm afraid why?
The dignified saint will also break his promise
We have the mandala flower you want
In no purgatory
Want to fetch pennies and swordless purgatory yourself
That was heaven and earth
Suppress the cave of the Swordless Demon Emperor
The wind and clouds are ten miles without an inch of grass
How to get this?
Hmph, I thought this Xuanying Sect's saint
Can be different
I didn't expect to be like the other juniors of Xuanyingzong
It's backtracking.
unbelievable
You court death.
Since you can't get it
The deity will pick it up by himself
Hey.
Your Holiness, you are so unfaithful
If this gets out
Then you really are
Aren't you afraid that the world will ridicule your Xuanyin Sect?
Hahahaha
Lord, go and protect Mr. Lin
Don't let anything happen to him in Xuanyin Sect
It's Dad, I'm going to see it too
I'd like to see this kid who practices qi
What kind of strength do you have?